---
title: UG Opportunities
layout: page
excerpt: UG Opportunities
permalink: /stuff/temp_2024_UGPs/
---

#### Guidelines
- SURGE applicants willing to work in lab should also refer to the details below.
- Duration 8-12 weeks (starting early-mid May). 
- It is your responsibility to present your progress in time (once a week).

#### How to apply
UGs willing to do projects with me (UGP or otherwise) can apply for the following projects. 

Submit your details to the applicant interest form [here](https://forms.office.com/r/CTGv1cpM5F). The last date to fill the form is 25 January, 2023.

Shortlisted candidates shall recieve a short coding assignment, following which final selections will take place.
Well performing interns may also receive stipend.

## Projects

### Label Propagation
Develop methods to efficiently propagate labels from a small labelled set to a large unlabeled database. Can you make NNs learn sufficiently from a small set to populate raw examples with labels?

With growing scale of datasets this has immense potential, as manual labelling is both resource and labour- intensive.

Develop methods for learning robust representations to search audio from a large database of audio files, given some acoustic content, ex. events.

### Mistake Detection in Music Teaching
In Hindustani Classical Music teaching, a student learns various ornamentations (ex. Meend, Murki, Gamak) which are the building blocks of any Raga. In this project, we aim to detect the mistakes a student makes while learning and suggestions to improve. Potential challenges include- Efficient representation of ornamentations and lack of labelled data.

We have a small student-teacher dataset of music teaching acquired within lab.

### Raga Identification
A Raga in Hindustani Classical music represents the melodic structure which represents the mood of a music performance. It provides a melodic framework to the performers for improvisation and composition. 

The task of Raga Identification includes building machine learning models which can identify the structure to efficiently distinguish between various Ragas as a music expert would do. Potential challenges include effeciently separating acoustically similar Ragas from each other.

### Image Generation
Use generative machine learning to generate images. Control style by conditioning the models. Cash prizes if you are able to complete the task by October 2023.